Added docs for 1498 (extending custom field filtering) (#2167)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/release-notes/version-1.4.md

### Added

> #### Custom Field Extended Filtering ([#1498](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/1498))
> 
> Custom fields now have additional filtering capabilities. These include the following:
> 
> - Lookup expressions for `text`, `url` and `select` field types:
>     - `n` (exact)
>     - `ic` (case-insensitive contains)
>     - `nic` (negated case-insensitive contains)
>     - `iew` (case-insensitive endswith)
>     - `niew` (negated case-insensitive endswith)
>     - `isw` (case-insensitive  startswith)
>     - `nisw` (negated case-insensitive startswith)
>     - `ie` (case-insensitive exact)
>     - `nie` (negated case-insensitive exact)
>     - `re` (regex)
>     - `nre` (negated regex)
>     - `ire` (case-insensitive regex)
>     - `nire` (negated case-insensitive regex)
> - Lookup expressions for `integer` and `date` field types:
>     - `n` (negated exact)
>     - `lte` (less than or equal)
>     - `lt` (less than)
>     - `gte` (greater than or equal)
>     - `gt` (greater than)
> 
> Multi-value lookups are supported for the `date` type, enabling date range filtering.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Custom Field Extended Filtering ([#1498](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/1498))

Objects with custom fields now support [filter lookup expressions](../rest-api/filtering/#lookup-expressions) for filtering by custom field values, such as `cf_date_field__gte=2022-08-11` to select objects whose `date_field` custom field has a date of 2022-08-11 or later.

```
